docs: linking nebula docs (#909)
qlik-oss/nebula.js: docs/installation.md

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@nebula.js/stardust@0.6.0/dist/stardust.dev.js" crossorigin></script>
```

> ## Linking Nebula packages to your own repository
> 
> When you use Nebula.js as a dependency in your project, and you want to edit or debug the Nebula.js source code, you can use either `npm link` or `yarn link` to accomplish this.
> 
> ### Linking Nebula when using `nebula serve`
> 
> With `npm`: Before using `nebula serve` to serve your project's files, you must run `npm link` in the folder: `nebula.js/commands/serve` and use it in your own repo by running `npm link @nebula.js/cli-serve` (run this in your own repo).
> To include source maps, so you can easier debug the Nebula.js code, you should also run `yarn build:dev` in the `nebula.js/commands/serve` folder.
> 
> With `yarn`: Same as for `npm` but replace `npm` with `yarn` in the commands above.
> 
> In your browser's debugging tool you should now be able to see the Nebula.js source code and to add breakpoints inside of the Nebula.js files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Linking nebula packages to your own repository

When you use nebula.js as a dependency in your project, and you want to edit or debug the nebula.js source code, you can use either `npm link` or `yarn link` to accomplish this.

### Linking nebula when using `nebula serve`

With `npm`: Before using `nebula serve` to serve your project's files, you must run `npm link` in the folder: `nebula.js/commands/serve` and use it in your own repo by running `npm link @nebula.js/cli-serve` (run this in your own repo).
To include source maps, so you can easier debug the nebula.js code, you should also run `yarn build:dev` in the `nebula.js/commands/serve` folder.

With `yarn`: Same as for `npm` but replace `npm` with `yarn` in the commands above.

In your browser's debugging tool you should now be able to see the nebula.js source code and to add breakpoints inside of the nebula.js files.
```

Author: I'm no English language expert but isn't `nebula` a cosmic gas cloud and `Nebula` the name of the package 🤔 
But since `nebula` is used elsewhere we should be consistent.

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@nebula.js/stardust@0.6.0/dist/stardust.dev.js" crossorigin></script>
```

## Linking Nebula packages to your own repository

When you use Nebula.js as a dependency in your project, and you want to edit or debug the Nebula.js source code, you can use either `npm link` or `yarn link` to accomplish this.

### Linking Nebula when using `nebula serve`

> With `npm`: When using `nebula serve` to serve your project's files, you must run `npm link` in the folder: `nebula.js/commands/serve`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `npm`: Before using `nebula serve` to serve your project's files, you must run `npm link` in the folder: `nebula.js/commands/serve`.
```

> With `npm`: When using `nebula serve` to serve your project's files, you must run `npm link` in the folder: `nebula.js/commands/serve`.
> Then use it in your own repo by running `npm link @nebula.js/cli-serve` (run this in your own repo).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `npm`: Before using `nebula serve` to serve your project's files, you must run `npm link` in the folder: `nebula.js/commands/serve` and use it in your own repo by running `npm link @nebula.js/cli-serve` (run this in your own repo).
```
